feat(config/migration): migrate config with a PR (#15122)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

!!! note
    This option is applicable to GitLab only.

## configMigration

> If enabled, renovate will raise a pull request if config file migration is needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If enabled, Renovate will raise a pull request if config file migration is needed.
```

> If enabled, Renovate will raise a pull request if config file migration is needed.

Author: added info message as suggested

!!! note
    This option is applicable to GitLab only.

## configMigration

If enabled, Renovate will raise a pull request if config file migration is needed.

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! info

>     This feature writes plain JSON, Any JSON5 content will be down leveled and all comments be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This feature writes plain JSON, any JSON5 content will be down leveled and all comments will be removed.
```

!!! note
    This option is applicable to GitLab only.

## configMigration

If enabled, Renovate will raise a pull request if config file migration is needed.

We're adding new features to Renovate bot often.
Most times you can keep using your Renovate config and benefit from the new features right away.
But sometimes you need to change your Renovate configuration.
To help you with this, Renovate will create config migration pull requests.

Example:

> When we created the [`baseBranches`](https://docs.renovatebot.com/configuration-options/#basebranches) feature, the Renovate configuration migration pull request would look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After we changed the [`baseBranches`](https://docs.renovatebot.com/configuration-options/#basebranches) feature, the Renovate configuration migration pull request would make this change:
```

Now that we're showing a `diff` we should explain that this is the change the PR makes, not the content of the PR itself. 😉 

Also I think that we were not "creating a feature" but "changing the allowed input for an existing feature". So I think the new text is better. But check me on this. 😉

!!! note
    This option is applicable to GitLab only.

## configMigration

If enabled, Renovate will raise a pull request if config file migration is needed.

> As Renovate evolves and new feature are added, configuration options might evolve as well.
> For such cases, Renovate will raise config migration pull requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're adding new features to Renovate bot often.
Most times you can keep using your Renovate config and benefit from the new features right away.
But sometimes you need to change your Renovate configuration.
To help you with this, Renovate will create config migration pull requests.
```

How about something like this?

I don't like the phrases `as Renovate evolves` and `configuration options might evolve as well`. We can clarify _who's_ doing the action (us!), and also explain that most times you won't need to do anything. In the cases where config migration is needed, the bot will try to help out.

Example:

> When [`baseBranches`](https://docs.renovatebot.com/configuration-options/#basebranches) was introduced, such pull request would offer the following changes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When we created the [`baseBranches`](https://docs.renovatebot.com/configuration-options/#basebranches) feature, the Renovate configuration migration pull request would look like this:
```

Let's explain _who_ created the feature, and use plain language.

From

```json
{
  "baseBranch": "main"
}

> ```

Reviewer: We could use a `diff` style display, instead of spreading the info over two sections.

Do we think our readers will understand the `diff` style display?

```diff
{
-  "baseBranch": "main"
+  "baseBranches": ["main"]
}
```

This works on a preview of our docs site:

![diff-display-renovate-docs-preview](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34918129/168790897-f37e7ee9-7a14-4dc3-bc23-1518868bc3de.png)

Author: looks better to me at least, as the actual change is more obvious and visible.

Reviewer: I can't create a suggestion on GitHub with a `diff` in it. Can you please make the change yourself?

To

```json
{
  "baseBranches": ["main"]
}
```

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
!!! info

>     This feature writes plain JSON, any JSON5 content will be down leveled and all comments will be removed.

Reviewer 2: - it writes plain JSON for `.json` files and JSON5` for `.json` files.
- all comments will be removed.

Author: so does "All JSON5 comments will be removed." sums it up accurately?

Reviewer 2: i think yes. but we now support json5 in normal `renovate.json` too, so that will be converted to plain json too.

Author: im just cant get my head around - 

> it writes plain JSON for .json files and JSON5for.json` files.

is this want we want?

This feature writes plain JSON for both `.json` and `.json5` files, any content will be down leveled to plain JSON and all comments will be removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    This feature writes plain JSON for `.json` files, and JSON5 for `.json5` files. So JSON5 content can potentially be down leveled (`.json` files) and all comments will be removed.
```

Something like that?

>     This feature writes plain JSON for `.json` files, and JSON5 for `.json5` files. JSON5 content can potentially be down leveled (`.json` files) and all comments will be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This feature writes plain JSON for `.json` files, and JSON5 for `.json5` files.
    JSON5 content can potentially be down leveled (`.json` files) and all comments will be removed.
```
